Full Sit-Up with Pull Overhead
Russian Twist
Elbow Plank Knee Taps
Blast Off Push Ups
Rows in Bear Position
Kickbacks in Bear Position
Chest Press into Chest Fly
Closed Grip Chest Press into Jackknife
Rows in Bear Position with Leg Lift
Kickbacks in Bear Position with Leg Lift
Chest Press into Chest Fly with Glute Bridge
Closed Grip Chest Press into Jackknife with Leg Lift
Rows in Half Kneeling Position
Tricep Extensions in Half Kneeling Position
Half Moons in Half Kneeling Position
Side Bend, Curl, Press in Half Kneeling Position
Tricep Extensions in Half Kneeling Position with Split Weights
Half Moons in Half Kneeling Position
Half Burpees
Mountain Climbers
Shoulder Taps